Themes: Mini and Forbidden

Figure out the format for the game should we use?
	-Game where players can interact physically with each other.
		Puzzle game. Finding different sets of levels or problems that you unlock through interacting with others.
		Using your body as a tool, gaming experience.
		Narrative: make it up along the way (low priority)
	
	
	-Experience type of game.

	-Musical game. A lot of interactivity. The more people join in, the more "fun" it will be.
		Each person becomes the instrument. 
		Issues: Only one person is a note if we use the Makey Makey.
		Makey Makey as triggers, maybe even the Muse using the accelerometer, the concentration levels to produce different notes.

	-Board game element. Interactive board game. Placing pieces on the board > act as switches, circuits > triggers actions and projections.
		Mushrooms as pieces. Mushroom forest. Mushroom as drugs.
		Mushrooms to place on the board, each has an effect. 
		Around a bonfire. Maybe starving people who have nothing left to eat but trippy mushrooms?
		Maybe make sounds as we eat the mushrooms? 
		Goal: To make sure that not all of the players end up drugged.
		Uses projections, board game, makey makey. Muse headband, or any other feedback tool.

		4 players. Mushrooms planted around, each player takes a turn to eat a mushroom.
		For X amount of seconds, there is a trippy effect, and the players need to keep themselves calm, and the better you keep themselves calm, the more points you accumulate.

		You want to keep yourself trippy the longest amount of time. How do we regulate how long the trips last? If someone goes on a trip for 5 minutes and the rest are just waiting?
		Have some sort of receptor where you can place your mushrooms, that way we resolve the way the game knows who is eating what.
		Need to decide how the game knows who is picking the mushrooms and associating it.
		Game: The more focused you are, the more points you accumulate. The more you distract others, the less points you make.		
		
		Give different effects for the mushrooms. Perfectly healthy ones (you lose a turn), extra trippy ones (boost trippiness)
		Randomize the distributed effects on the mushrooms every gameplay > makes the game replayable and the game can never be anticipated.
		
		Gameplay: Stay sane the longest possible. Have each mushroom hooked up to a different circuit / resistor and a wire.
		Use the Muse? Detect the levels of concentration during the levels of trippiness. The more calm you keep yourself, the better for you.
		Need to define the gameplay.
		Concentration game > The more you can keep calm, the more points you get. The person with the most points wins the game.
		
		----
		4 players. Anyone can take a mushroom. 2 minute gameplay.

		----
		Pick a mushroom as a team. Everyone experiences the same trippiness.

--
Intro screen
Puzzle mode. -> The more you're calm, the more you remove the part of the puzzle.  
Loading screen
End screen